.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/6_other_issues.md, before:

---
name: Other issues
about: Any other types of issues
---

Note: Asking in English can make your problem more widely known by the community, while asking in Chinese will make it handled more quickly by the repository owner. Though CN template version is still provided below, this type of issue perfer to be raised in EN version.

说明：以英文提问可使你的问题更广泛由社区所了解，而以中文提问可以使仓库所有者更快跟进。尽管下附有中文版模板，本类型的 issue 仍建议以英文提问，可借助 AI 翻译。

------------------------------------

## Basic Information

- Protoshift version:
- Server OS:
- Client OS:
- Server Protobuf version (branch of OldProtos):
- Client Protobuf version (branch of NewProtos):

## Problem Encountered

## Detailed Description

## Game Video / Server Log / Other Necessary Information

## Checklist

- [ ] I have searched for related issues in the issue area but have not resolved them
- [ ] I have browsed various Issue templates and confirmed that the current template is suitable for my problem
- [ ] I am using the Protobuf provided by the official build and ran the generation correctly
- [ ] I have attached necessary log records in the issue (you can also send them to `mihomo-technology@outlook.com`, making it disclosed after removing sensitive information). I also attached the necessary content of `latest.errtrace.log` (if an exception occurs in the log).
- [ ] I confirm that I have not included `latest.packet.log` in the main body of the issue, or it has removed `GetPlayerTokenReq(Rsp)`, `PlayerLoginReq(Rsp)` (to avoid leaking private information).
- [ ] I confirm that the phenomenon is unrelated to the defects of my server (the real game server)
- [ ] I confirm that the phenomenon can be removed from any external factors (such as Windy, cheats, specific GM commands, or custom server data), or I have publicly disclosed these external and deployment methods in the main body of the issue
- [ ] **I am not running the server on any version of macOS, nor am I running the game client on iOS**

----------------------------


## 基本信息

- Protoshift 版本号：
- 服务器使用 OS：
- 客户端 OS：
- 服务器 Protobuf 版本（OldProtos 的分支）：
- 客户端 Protobuf 版本（NewProtos 的分支）：

## 遇到的问题

## 具体说明

## 游戏录像 / 服务器日志 / 其他必要信息

## Checklist

- [ ] 我已在 issue 区寻找过相关的问题但未得到解决
- [ ] 我已浏览过多种 Issue 模板并确认当前模板适合我的问题
- [ ] 我正使用官方 build 提供的 Protobuf 并且正确运行了生成
- [ ] 我已在 issue 中附带必要的日志记录（也可发送至 `mihomo-technology@outlook.com`，去除敏感信息后的部分将被公开）。我还附带了 `latest.errtrace.log` 的必要内容（如果日志中有发生异常）。
- [ ] 我确认没有将 `latest.packet.log` 包含在 issue 主体中，或其去除了 `GetPlayerTokenReq(Rsp)`, `PlayerLoginReq(Rsp)`（以避免泄露隐私信息）。
- [ ] 我确认现象与我的服务器（真正的游戏服务器）的本身缺陷无关
- [ ] 我确认现象可以在去除任何外置因素（如 Windy、外挂、特定 GM 命令、或定制版服务器等），或我已在 issue 主体中公开这些外置与部署方法
- [ ] **我并非在 macOS 的任何版本上运行服务器，也并非在 iOS 上运行游戏客户端**

Commit message:

Hotfix about recent added features (#32)
* Output kcp status to `latest.player.stat.log` (category: `kcp`)

* Fixed the issue that powershell scripts don't work

* Fixed the issue that `windy` command execute too fast when using `GetPlayerTokenFinish` auto execute

* Fixed the issue that `kick` command don't work with any UID

* Return special prompt when user is trying to connect with invalid RSA key

* Fixed the issue that Benchmark don't work

* Sort json for Protobuf Util output

* Change SkilIssueDetect's output to player.stat.log

* Make scripts `cd` to the original directory after running

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/6_other_issues.md, after:

---
name: Other issues
about: Any other types of issues
---

Note: Asking in English can make your problem more widely known by the community, while asking in Chinese will make it handled more quickly by the repository owner. Though CN template version is still provided below, this type of issue perfer to be raised in EN version.

说明：以英文提问可使你的问题更广泛由社区所了解，而以中文提问可以使仓库所有者更快跟进。尽管下附有中文版模板，本类型的 issue 仍建议以英文提问，可借助 AI 翻译。

------------------------------------

## Basic Information

- Protoshift version:
- Server OS:
- Client OS:
- Server Protobuf version (branch of OldProtos):
- Client Protobuf version (branch of NewProtos):

## Problem Encountered

## Detailed Description

## Game Video / Server Log / Other Necessary Information

## Checklist

- [ ] I have searched for related issues in the issue area but have not resolved them
- [ ] I have browsed various Issue templates and confirmed that the current template is suitable for my problem
- [ ] I am using the default Protobuf source and ran the build correctly
- [ ] I have attached necessary log records in the issue (you can also send them to `mihomo-technology@outlook.com`, making it disclosed after removing sensitive information). I also attached the necessary content of `latest.errtrace.log` (if an exception occurs in the log).
- [ ] I confirm that the logs I have included in the body of the issue are not leaking my private information
- [ ] I confirm that the phenomenon is unrelated to the defects of my server (the real game server)
- [ ] I confirm that the phenomenon can be removed from any external factors (such as Windy, cheats, specific GM commands, or custom server data), or I have publicly disclosed these external and deployment methods in the main body of the issue
- [ ] **I am not running the server on any version of macOS, nor am I running the game client on iOS**

----------------------------


## 基本信息

- Protoshift 版本号：
- 服务器使用 OS：
- 客户端 OS：
- 服务器 Protobuf 版本（OldProtos 的分支）：
- 客户端 Protobuf 版本（NewProtos 的分支）：

## 遇到的问题

## 具体说明

## 游戏录像 / 服务器日志 / 其他必要信息

## Checklist

- [ ] 我已在 issue 区寻找过相关的问题但未得到解决
- [ ] 我已浏览过多种 Issue 模板并确认当前模板适合我的问题
- [ ] 我正使用默认提供的 Protobuf 并且正确运行了构建
- [ ] 我已在 issue 中附带必要的日志记录（也可发送至 `mihomo-technology@outlook.com`，去除敏感信息后的部分将被公开）。我还附带了 `latest.errtrace.log` 的必要内容（如果日志中有发生异常）。
- [ ] 我确认在 issue 主体中附带的日志没有泄露隐私信息
- [ ] 我确认现象与我的服务器（真正的游戏服务器）的本身缺陷无关
- [ ] 我确认现象可以在去除任何外置因素（如 Windy、外挂、特定 GM 命令、或定制版服务器等），或我已在 issue 主体中公开这些外置与部署方法
- [ ] **我并非在 macOS 的任何版本上运行服务器，也并非在 iOS 上运行游戏客户端**
